README.md, before:

# devx

cli for automating my dev workflows. built in pure rust 🦀

## install:

1.  download the latest release for your platform from
    [GitHub Releases](https://github.com/ajndkr/devx/releases)

2.  make the binary executable:

    ```bash
    chmod +x ./devx
    ```

3.  move to a directory in your PATH:

    ```bash
    sudo mv ./devx /usr/local/bin/
    ```

### usage:

```shell
devx help
```

the above command will list all the available commands.

### uninstall

To remove devx:

```bash
sudo rm /usr/local/bin/devx
```

## development:

### pre-requisites:

1.  install [rust](https://www.rust-lang.org/tools/install)

2.  verify installation:

    ```shell
    rustup --version
    cargo --version
    ```

3.  install ci dependencies:

    ```shell
    rustup component add rustfmt
    rustup component add clippy
    cargo install cargo-audit
    ```

### getting started:

1.  run code ci checks (formatting & linting):

    ```shell
    make ci
    ```

2.  test changes:

    ```shell
    make dev <devx-cli-args ...>
    ```

3.  clean up:

    ```shell
    make clean
    ```

4.  install as binary:

    ```shell
    make install
    ```

Commit message:

chore: add one-step installation (#8)
* 👷 use musl instead of gnu for linux build

using static linking for linux release. gnu is throwing errors due to missing required libc version

* ➕ add which dependency

* ✨ add uninstall command

* ✨ add constants module

* ⚡ add new error type

* ⚡ add constants and uninstall modules to lib

* 💡 add docstring to choose command

* ⚡ add uninstall command to cli

* 🔧 cargo build

* ♻️ refactor commands

- add new manage command (move uninstall under manage)
- add new where sub-command for manage

* ⚡ add print help for subcommands

* ⚡ update manage command about

* 🔨 add install script

* 📝 update install instructions

* 👷 update release workflow

* 🔨 fix script

README.md, after:

# devx

cli for automating my dev workflows. built in pure rust 🦀

## install:

1.  run the following command to install devx (note: requires `curl` and sudo access):

    ```shell
    curl -sSL https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ajndkr/devx/main/install.sh | bash
    ```

2.  run `devx help` to verify installation and list available commands

3.  run `devx manage uninstall` to remove devx

## development:

### pre-requisites:

1.  install [rust](https://www.rust-lang.org/tools/install)

2.  verify installation:

    ```shell
    rustup --version
    cargo --version
    ```

3.  install ci dependencies:

    ```shell
    rustup component add rustfmt
    rustup component add clippy
    cargo install cargo-audit
    ```

### getting started:

1.  run code ci checks (formatting & linting):

    ```shell
    make ci
    ```

2.  test changes:

    ```shell
    make dev <devx-cli-args ...>
    ```

3.  clean up:

    ```shell
    make clean
    ```

4.  install as binary:

    ```shell
    make install
    ```
